**How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?**

Using intuitive variable names and being generous with whitespace are two things I focus on when writing readable programs, and this tends to help with their maintainability as well. I found it simple to adjust the CRUD module when necessary partly because of this. For adaptability, it's important to strike a balance between abstraction, intuitive use, and reasonable focus. Because I set default values in the constructor for the module instead of hardcoding them in, I would be able to use this module to perform CRUD operations on any database and collection that I had access to, not just the animals collection in the AAC database.

**How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?**

I tend to approach problems with the mindset that initial failure is to be expected. This allows me to get a deeper understanding of what I am working with by being comfortable with failing repeatedly instead of understanding only enough to solve the exact problem presented. I don't believe my approach to this problem differed from previous assignments. Something that I found extremely helpful throughout this course was examining documentation and searching the internet for problems related to the roadblocks I encountered, and I would likely use those same strategies in the future.

**What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?**

Since the company already had access to the data set, they could technically produce the same results without this type of project. However, a dashboard with built-in filtering greatly reduces the entry barrier and time needed to extract useful information from the data. Rather than hiring a specialized employee to work with the data and act as a middle-man between the data and the employees who need it, the employees can directly interact with the data using the dashboard. This frees up company money to spend on other pursuits and reduces turn-around for finding rescue dogs.
